Richelle Direny: Morning. Good morning.
Richelle Direny: At first, I said. I said, I was wondering to myself.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: I know she sent me a message asking me to confirm her appointment so I do appreciate it sent me the message because when they checked you in. They also sent me a message to let me know that it wasn't, it wasn't you believe it's whatever was going. It's in virtual so
Richelle Direny: All right, definitely does help.
Richelle Direny: So, so what's going on.
I'm
Jessica A: Feeling good, I supposed to have my echo cardiogram done this morning I missed it, but they rescheduled it for the 26
Richelle Direny: Next Tuesday.
Yeah.
Jessica A: So I do a different group.
Jessica A: That day
Richelle Direny: On Tuesday.
Jessica A: Or Wednesday. So I was actually on Tuesday. I thought it was 26 of
Richelle Direny: Your, your, your appointment is on the 27th or
Jessica A: 2627
Richelle Direny: Oh, so next Wednesday. No.
Jessica A: Yeah, I thought it was on Tuesday, but
Jessica A: Data rate. There's a lot going on.
Jessica A: Well, my niece's of the hospital.
Jessica A: She
Jessica A: Tried hurting herself a
Richelle Direny: Other unique
Jessica A: While
Jessica A: The kind of willingness, like, oh,
Richelle Direny: Cool.
Jessica A: Yeah. Well, she
Jessica A: Form of the day before that, because I kind of like
Jessica A: A sister with them in
Jessica A: The day before she herself.
Jessica A: Steve her or her sister, like, you know, they were just planted around and stuff.
Jessica A: And I don't do all the time. I just think that like
Jessica A: Because you know she's more mature for her age that I treat her like she's kind of, you know,
Jessica A: older and more you know version should be worried about clothes.
Jessica A: In
Jessica A: The next day I guess some kids are a girl at school as that heard instant message corner bunch of names and stuff in.
Jessica A: Her friend had decided to go through as a plan to hurt themselves if they went to the one girl went to the kitchen is hey guys lives and cleaning products.
Jessica A: And money is trifling arrest and they try and hang themselves in they
Jessica A: Called the suicide hotline and says they use their Chromebooks from school at pinned on the school's towers.
Jessica A: So immediately let my sister know
Richelle Direny: What was going, you said that. So she she attempted suicide.
Jessica A: Yeah, right now, she's in Columbus hospital.
Richelle Direny: You said that because of the Chromebook the computers that they were giving out what was going on.
Jessica A: They, they were being bullied by the other kids.
Jessica A: And they told me that they pretty much my whole kilo sauce because our fucking worthless. And you know, I think at that point. My niece. She just has so much because of what happened with her dad.
Jessica A: Is
Jessica A: There.
Jessica A: Dad lost both
Her
Jessica A: Dad Yeah, and
Jessica A: My sister astrological the other day what she is about what was going on and
Jessica A: She said, David off teams and she caught my brother rapists.
Jessica A: This what was
Jessica A: The one that did it to me. So
Richelle Direny: You're
Jessica A: You're mother with
Jessica A: Her her uncle.
Richelle Direny: What did your brother also.
Jessica A: Do some sisters
Jessica A: Because why else would she say that
Richelle Direny: But the little girls, you said that she started the little girl start calling off names.
Like
Jessica A: My sister asked her what was going on in, you know, in her hand and
Jessica A: She just said a lot in my sister started like say like
Jessica A: Your sister is she was a widow.
Jessica A: Should say different dates.
Jessica A: Then what came to my dad's Chicago but asshole, which is true.
Jessica A: In
Jessica A: My brother. She, she said rapists, so
Jessica A: My sister's wondering if maybe because he would when he was in the picture, he would have the like you take them to go do stuff with them.
Jessica A: So we're my sister's kind of wondering if maybe my brother did you something to her.
Jessica A: Because why else would she called rate this sheet know nothing about what he had done to be
Richelle Direny: Oh, and you said you said you feel like it's your fault.
Jessica A: Right, because, like I do, that are the days where she tried
Jessica A: hurting yourself.
Jessica A: And if we rather did you stop the tour. Like I feel like
Jessica A: I could have stopped it because
Jessica A: You. But then again, nobody really wrote me, me and my sister. It is not that good of a relationship, though.
Jessica A: Nobody believed it to up a toy about passed away in a moment. Heard the conversation between me and my brother.
Richelle Direny: I'm so I'm
Richelle Direny: So you're blaming yourself because you think that if you had said something about your brother than it wouldn't happen. What
Richelle Direny: But then you said that you told them, but just no one was really believing you
Jessica A: Will basis, though.
Jessica A: Because my parents would like
Jessica A: Say stuff to keep me just our part of what we told her, and I lived like
Jessica A: It was her sister good bottler
Jessica A: So we really didn't have that struggle relationship. Anyways, because we both got buried our parents just told both of us. So
Jessica A: We kind of lost contact with each other.
Jessica A: We didn't start having contact with each other up until like
Jessica A: Four years ago,
Jessica A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: This happened with your cut your, your nice yesterday.
Jessica A: What date is she oh
Jessica A: She went on.
Jessica A: Monday.
Richelle Direny: So, this happened on Monday, and she went and saw hospital.
Jessica A: It happened over the weekend.
Jessica A: My sister got notified on Sunday.
Jessica A: And when they she, you know, raise these said, oh, I didn't try doing anything.
Jessica A: When she says, Dr. Monday, they tried take in her vitals and they see the marks on herbs.
Jessica A: In the hospital that she's at it's just like totally
Jessica A: I took my sister to Columbus on Tuesday.
Jessica A: Because she had to be there within 24 hours to sign paperwork. Well, first, I told her that my sister that she get to see her daughter.
Jessica A: And
Jessica A: They like you tell her. What's Gregory they ma these has likes her is both of my niece's have coping mechanisms to help them cope with because they work with counselors is often
Jessica A: Like maybe that the words of the hospital. She has nightmares real bad. So she has a coping mechanism. She hasn't bear
Jessica A: Yes, she sleeps with the house with the night terrors and stuff. And the woman looked at my sister said to all the only parents that bring bears that are there was a don't care about their kids just leave the doc come back for them.
Jessica A: It's just, you know, like
Jessica A: They were fashion a league or when she would it
Jessica A: And make fun of the way that she cut her so that she didn't do it right.
Jessica A: The next time she's in the cut straight
Richelle Direny: So she hit her wrist and so the cat in the other kids know that this is what she did.
Jessica A: You know the tour nurses that says this stuff to her.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that it was they told her that the next time.
Jessica A: Yeah, that's the next time that she tries to kill herself. She's cut straight across the up and down.
Richelle Direny: Nursing nurse and a half. Oh, sorry.
Jessica A: Yeah, like this place is just like they they told my sister that the only parents that bring barisan are the ones that leave their kids are and don't come back for them, but don't care about that.
Jessica A: It's just
Jessica A: Been like every time I these calls like
Jessica A: She's like doing any better. And she's just, I don't know, like at this point, like
Jessica A: I feel like me and my sister both feel like she should be, you know, put somewhere else somewhere that's going to help for the we like, look, this place up online is nothing but bad reviews and negative connotation. So
Jessica A: Maybe they were supposed to set something up on zoom. So by these could visit us, is they will letter.
Richelle Direny: That's that's interesting that
Richelle Direny: That the nurses will say that
Jessica A: And then my sister asked my sister was on the phone with my niece and she says, Well, let me talk to one of your nurses nurses, like what does she want like we heard her say that
Jessica A: And I'm just like, wow, you know,
Jessica A: But I kind of like it's my fault that she's there because like i guess i expect more out of her because
Jessica A: My other niece is autistic and have a towel. The other three or four year old so i i feel like i expect more out of the hospital because
Jessica A: You know she's she more mature.
Jessica A: And I just, I feel like it's my fault because I yelled at her that they were trying to do it.
Richelle Direny: And what were you, what did you yell at her for
Jessica A: Well, cuz she has her sister, boo. But
Jessica A: She like I said to her, she would like look directly at me.
Jessica A: So I do you like something had gone wrong it
Jessica A: Was this other girls around. She's just hard to talk to. She's hard to
Jessica A: You know,
Jessica A: Do anything with it.
Jessica A: I yelled at her and she takes I don't love her, but I do
Richelle Direny: I mean, the thing is,
Richelle Direny: To say that it's you know you know so much
Richelle Direny: emotion or feeling to say to think that, you know, or two, one to blame yourself.
Richelle Direny: That it just goes to, there's just some she's been struggling with a lot and maybe haven't really spoken.
Richelle Direny: Um, so you know it's it's no one's there's no blame here because it's just one of those things where it's a lot. The headline going on with her that she hadn't express and the fact that she was being bullied.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, the question is, how much did anyone know what was going on with her in terms of the bullying. That was just an outward expression of what she was feeling
Richelle Direny: Or what was going on in her mind. So it's just one of those situation where it's just more being there for her being more supportive and understanding as to the pain that she was feeling especially knowing of the past.
Richelle Direny: Abuse
Richelle Direny: Just being there for her, you know, I'm sure, just like how you feel.
Richelle Direny: You're, you're someone kind of
Richelle Direny: blaming yourself. I'm sure your sister as her mother is feeling the same way.
Richelle Direny: And having to know that this is where her daughter is
Richelle Direny: And there's not a whole lot that she can do
Jessica A: Yeah, I'm
Richelle Direny: feeling helpless, you know, think about your daughter, your sister feeling very helpless. At this point, and in in being enraged about what the
Richelle Direny: The these
Richelle Direny: Other kids has done.
Jessica A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You know, I'm sure she feels super enraged
Jessica A: Yeah, it would be when she called my brother and rapists.
Jessica A: She just was kind of like it shot because
Jessica A: Nobody like
Jessica A: I have. You ready to come out till lady says that what my brother. Did you know
Jessica A: That would be very appropriate for me to do it very you know that like me to do. So it's like, you know, where did she get that
Richelle Direny: She has older sibling.
Jessica A: Yeah, she has a older sister little sister.
Richelle Direny: So everyone is kind of just rallying support around her right now.
Yeah.
Jessica A: And that'll be mad.
Jessica A: Like the other day that he found out he started like pudgy stop it.
You know,
Jessica A: My son, her, her cousin.
Jessica A: Maybe her older sister thinks that it's it's
Jessica A: Like we're all busy.
Richelle Direny: It's her fault.
Jessica A: Like she she say that like everybody's like very much labor there. So play with scissors. You think of that it's her fault. I think it's my law.
Jessica A: her older sister thinks that it's all
Jessica A: In my son says he would have been there for more than maybe he could have texted her
Jessica A: Like it's just everybody's you know saying, well, you know, if I wanted this you know maybe shorter than that.
Jessica A: It's like the What If game like
Richelle Direny: I hear you. I can't hear you.
Jessica A: Sorry, somebody was trying to call it.
Jessica A: Do you hear me.
Jessica A: Okay, yes, somebody was trying to call it.
Jessica A: But everybody like playing the What If game. Like if I would have this. What if I could have that
Jessica A: And
Jessica A: I guess the thing is, is the question that's in my know
Jessica A: Is if my brother didn't do anything to her.
Jessica A: You know,
Jessica A: I don't know.
Jessica A: Why we rather
Jessica A: Go after her.
Richelle Direny: But but ok so for a moment, this is speculation, because you don't you don't know. She does. She ate your brother her Uncle Tom abused her in that way.
Jessica A: She caught a break. But she does she know what you think that had happened with be like if
Richelle Direny: He say he is that she say it was that he did anything to hurt her.
Jessica A: Right, yeah. I mean, but
Richelle Direny: This is just your sister saying that
Jessica A: No, but we heard her say i mean i heard the conversation between her sister and she called my brother rapists and
Richelle Direny: Your, your niece called her uncle.
Jessica A: By brother, which is her
Jessica A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because that's your sister's brother as well. Right.
Jessica A: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Good, nice called her uncle.
Jessica A: This yes
I'm
Richelle Direny: Now in you. There's also a knowledge that her father has done the same thing.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So you're feeling upset for for what's your brother has
Richelle Direny: Potentially. Potentially, I'm done.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm alone so
Richelle Direny: You know it's again it's looking at it then.
Richelle Direny: Investigation. Now when did it come out. Did it just come out after the attempted suicide that she on that that so your sister prior to this wasn't aware of the sexual abuse.
Jessica A: Of my brother of her dad. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you're saying that you don't know. Has your sister knowing what he has done to you. Has your sister ever allowed
Richelle Direny: Your nice to be around him.
Jessica A: Before she found out what he did to be yes.
Jessica A: There could be several occasions where he would come down and get both roles and
Jessica A: Take those like
Jessica A: To the park or out D or
Richelle Direny: What you're ever acting out behavior do to it.
Jessica A: Sometimes
Jessica A: You know, there would be
Jessica A: Just like what my brother took my side of the truck with
Jessica A: I wasn't aware of it by sound come back like he was like
Jessica A: A bear unbearable. Like, it was like us a total different kid like
Jessica A: He didn't want to be alone. He did what I like.
Jessica A: What to be touched, or, you know, so kind and make it be wonder the back of my head. If you don't take my son.
Jessica A: You know, so maybe if he did that, you know, there's a pattern is where's it going to stop that.
Richelle Direny: But it did. Now is your sister pressing charges are they going to know investigated.
Jessica A: They're going to investigate it now ab says it's came out.
Jessica A: It will be it if it comes out that he has done so the tour that yeah she's gonna charge
Richelle Direny: Were their charges pressed against her father.
Jessica A: Though they
Jessica A: They, they, he got put on probation in got a bunch of buys it was total war ankle monitor for so long. It
Jessica A: Was he paid off as finds he got April bond or off and you know he's let go.
Jessica A: Free
Jessica A: But there's a restraining order.
Jessica A: There's a restraining order on him that he is not allowed around at all.
Jessica A: For five years.
Richelle Direny: From the Father, and the Father. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: You know, as I said, a lot of it is
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: I see you, I can't hear you but I can't.
Jessica A: Yeah, I took my video off because we say those one it out.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm alive. It is, um, you know, again, your sister her getting the help that she needs for your her daughter.
Richelle Direny: And I'm for you. I think more so emotional trauma and the psychological trauma is just bringing you back to what you dealt with your own abuse and I know you said you've been in counseling for it in the past. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, but then still dealing with your own
Richelle Direny: emotional and mental trauma from what occurred with you, especially, it hits closer to home because your brother's name is being called in and off.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: And given the. His name is associated with it.
Richelle Direny: Is
Richelle Direny: Yo,
Richelle Direny: Yo, let's just bringing in such a rush of emotions and
Richelle Direny: That's coming up with
Jessica A: Great.
Richelle Direny: And and and him not and and feeling somewhat helpless yourself.
Richelle Direny: feeling helpless that there's nothing you could have done to stop it, because here it is that he did it to you. And now he had the opportunity to
Richelle Direny: Someone else closer to you. And who's to say, whoever else it's been done to
Richelle Direny: Me. It is just one of those things.
Richelle Direny: Were bringing it out right and letting
You know,
Jessica A: Write
Richelle Direny: Your rights in the statute.
Richelle Direny: Associated with that and I think like with your dad and how has he responded to any of it.
Jessica A: He doesn't know about any of it.
Jessica A: He caught my sister off of
Jessica A: Years ago.
Jessica A: Was when they found out that the girls book went through what they went through with her dad.
Jessica A: And they were living at a domestic violence shelter.
Richelle Direny: Uses the
Richelle Direny: The signer
Jessica A: Our data.
Jessica A: Or yet their, their dad was abusive. Yeah.
Jessica A: My, my dad, which is my sisters dad was third
Jessica A: Or grandfather
Jessica A: He hasn't been in their lives for
Jessica A: Years.
Jessica A: And he doesn't see my side. Either you know
Jessica A: My mom passed away.
Jessica A: My brother's been pretty much it, like, cool, like I said, you know, I stopped bloody have control be is like the day that I pretty much stopped hear from him. He'll call me once in a while, but he knows that he can't control the
Jessica A: And I'm not calling to, you know, allow him to
Jessica A: Tell me what I can do, where I live, when I gotta come out there, whatever. Got a healthy, you know, he pretty much, you know, stop early color be
Jessica A: All the time, you know,
Jessica A: Like we discussed in the past like he just doesn't
Jessica A: Think the last time I heard from him was
Jessica A: Last week I told I told that I was having the
Jessica A: Echo echocardiogram the heart testing done in I also told him that
Jessica A: The will and stuff and the power of three papers that he had that he was supposed to print off is
Jessica A: We were supposed to sit down and go science debate. Good stuff. I told him that he could pre about strategy because
Jessica A: Since he had taken over a year.
Jessica A: To go do this stuff that I would have had a a got another power of attorney in it sold out could total, complete different paperwork.
Jessica A: It. He was like, wow, I sold your sisters and your burial plots of
Jessica A: Ideas of money.
Jessica A: I'm like, Okay.
Jessica A: I needed to bother me, but I didn't really see that a bother view, you know, maybe
Jessica A: Because yeah, me and my sister would be buried with our with our family, but
Jessica A: Then again,
Jessica A: You know,
Jessica A: If
Jessica A: He feel so strongly about.
Jessica A: You know, so we're we're supposed to be buried at his
Jessica A: Not was there. It is what it is you know
Jessica A: It'd be my sister's talked about you even
Jessica A: Movies movie out of this area, period.
Jessica A: Like moving an hour, even an hour away. You know, like towards the Columbus area.
Jessica A: Just to get away from
Jessica A: The people in our past. And I mean you can't run from it but just just the new cage, a change for all of us, you know,
Richelle Direny: It's a change. I think it's just really, it seems like within the family. There's just so much that's going on.
Richelle Direny: There's so much that needs to be addressed. There's so much that needs to be talks about, um, the dynamic between each family member of yours so much like what's your dad's on limits and involvement and kind of his viewpoint, with everything with you, mourning the loss of your mom still
Richelle Direny: And I know you said that it's coming up for the memorial on to spread her ashes is coming up soon.
Richelle Direny: And now this with your adult your nice attempted suicide because of you know her bullying her being bullied and just the past
Richelle Direny: Trauma that she's experiencing now you're, you're, you're so it's a lot. It is a lot that's going on in the family.
Richelle Direny: Farm with your own medical issues that you're going through and just so much uncertainties and soul so much unanswered questions.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, there it is. It's a lot. Jessica, that you're trying to process. And so while you're trying to work on.
Richelle Direny: Getting them better hold on your medical things that's going on you're dealing with a brother who was abusive. In the past, in and out your life you you're dealing with an unsupportive father, he kind of runs in when he wants to and runs out.
Richelle Direny: You're still dealing with, you know, processing the loss of your mom and here is this new thing coming down. So it's like, it's very hard for you to really truly process. Anything I know in the past that you had ended up in the domestic violence.
Richelle Direny: Shelter, for whatever reason, that was surrounding whatever the story is that was surrounding back so
Richelle Direny: It's a lack
Richelle Direny: There came a little somewhat of a
Richelle Direny: Some, some positive things that came out of it with your son, you're working on the relationship and, you know, improving the relationship with your son, which was very important and meaningful to you.
Richelle Direny: And so we talked about Jessica in the past that having family around you is was a very important, but there's there's so much going on within this family context that's to some degree that's somewhat. Yeah, it has some
Richelle Direny: There's some toxic ness in it. Not to say that they're being toxic to you, but it's going to be very hard for you.
Richelle Direny: To for you, your personal self to feel for you to work through and get through what it is that you're going through
Richelle Direny: With so many different things that's going on with each individual family member that you want to be so close to and be a part of and
Richelle Direny: You know, just the accepted within there's just so much that's going on that. Now you're going to get to that place where you're going to start blaming yourself for everything that happens to everybody else.
Richelle Direny: And you're going to feel like there is some part of you is going to feel like I'm whether you contributed or there was no contribution. But just having that sense of responsibility for everything that's going on with everybody else and that
Richelle Direny: Is going to be very hard for you to accept that you hold no responsibility to it. There are things that happened.
Richelle Direny: There's things that's happening to people to access to people within your family and
Richelle Direny: It has nothing to do with you. It doesn't mean that you don't care. It just means that they're just bad things that's happening to people and those people just happened to be your family.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You know, you want to be there for you. You're nice as much as possible. You know firsthand what that looks like.
Richelle Direny: For everything that's going on because of what happened to you that sense of feeling abandoned that sense of beat because like, here it is. Her father violated her there's that sense of also abandonment, because now he's not around.
Richelle Direny: There is, you know, Mom. Attention is is a lot, probably on this, you know, autistic child that she has. And so a lot of our time and attention goes into that.
Richelle Direny: So here it is that now your sister could be blaming herself in that aspect. Because here it is these bad things are happening.
Richelle Direny: And you know she has so much that she's dealing with and having to take care of. And the question is, how is she coping with it. And the same goes for you with you, trying to work on the relationship with your son, you know, everyone is everyone is somewhat surviving
Richelle Direny: Right. Everybody is in survival mode, everybody within your families on survival mode. How are you guys surviving is the ultimate question, how are you coping. What are you using Nicole what outlet. Are you using Nicole.
Richelle Direny: You go to group you're you're part of a program, you have a counselor. Is everybody has the same thing.
Richelle Direny: And so you just have to work on building yourself up emotionally and mentally so that you can be there for everybody else.
Richelle Direny: And in this place. Honestly, I have to say that you trying to be there for everybody else is just not a good situation. So it's a recipe for your own disaster and destruction.
Richelle Direny: And that's the quality and sounds bad, but it's the reality of what is for you. You're so vulnerable, you're still
Richelle Direny: You're still where you are because you have so much on your plate that you're dealing with. One more thing attitude to it just weaken your defenses to some regard
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: Well, yes. Do you want to be there for your nice as much as you can. And that's really it is as much as you can. Are you going to abandon her no are you going to abandon your sister. No.
Richelle Direny: But what you are, what you can say is, I'll be there for you as much as I can because we're all individually hurting people trying to figure out how to get through all of this.
Richelle Direny: You're every single last one of your individually hurting from different things.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: But you may be more because of the loss of your mother. You're still going through that her your sister may be more because of that start with having this this child has autism.
Richelle Direny: A husband dad was an abusive abandoned who has that abandonment relationship abandonment down with the children the violation of the children.
Richelle Direny: I mean, your sister has her own thing. Your dad with the loss of his wife and everything else that's going on with him.
Richelle Direny: Your brother everything that's going on with him, even though he violated you and everybody else. Well, where were all of that came from his issues that he's are
Richelle Direny: Your son. So every single person that's within your family bubble. They're all hurting in their very individual ways. When you're ready, is that you guys are trying to come together for each other. You're trying your best to do that.
Richelle Direny: You're really truly trying your best to do that. And so what each of you are hurting. Here's something that just happened. Something just got inducted into that bubble
Richelle Direny: And now, each of you are personalizing it and conceptualizing it in very different ways. And now that's just adding more to the hurt and the pain that each person is dealing with
Richelle Direny: And so how do you, how do you guys get through it.
Richelle Direny: Be there for each other as much as you are able to, but first and foremost is that you have to work on yourself individually and everything that is coming along with it because your past is still there. And every day something new is being added to it.
Jessica A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you know what the skills that you're learning and how you're processing it. And as it's related to your past, it's going to help with everything else that comes along, because nothing happened. Nothing is new under the sun, which means that
Richelle Direny: No matter what the situation is no matter what it is somebody else has gone through it and even though it's for first time for you hurt is hurt.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: Hurt is hurt. It's not like a, I'm a different way to hurt. It's not a different hurt is her there is not there there. One may say there love different levels of hurt. Hurt he's hurt.
Richelle Direny: Broken is broken.
Jessica A: You understand, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm Pain is pain.
Richelle Direny: They're not different. The Pain is pain. Maybe our threshold for each thing that we're seeing is a little bit different. Our tolerance is different.
Richelle Direny: For each thing that you experienced an encounter hurt pain devastation disappointment. They're all the same in the sense that it's coming at me. How do I do with it and how to I want
Richelle Direny: Cope with it.
Richelle Direny: How do I get through it not get over it not get under it. How do I get through it morning comes. But I got to get tonight, I can't jump over it.
Richelle Direny: I got to go through it. I gotta what how do I walk through it without falling apart.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: How do I go through it without dying in the process.
And
Richelle Direny: Easy way out of it. How do I go through it.
Richelle Direny: That's the conversation. And that's what we have to work with. How do I go through with each hurt devastation both past and present.
Richelle Direny: I first have to work on me.
Richelle Direny: And I have to first be willing to get rid of one thing at a time, not everything.
Richelle Direny: Rice chicken salad. This that is all on the plate you can consume it all. You can only do it one at a time.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: You could probably mix a little thing up and eat it, which can't consume it all, one at a time.
Richelle Direny: And for you. It is working through what is for you. Your primary. What is the primary thing that stands out for you daily that you're faced with daily that you're trying to get through the day, what is the one thing for you.
Jessica A: One thing daily learn, try to get through.
Jessica A: Would be that I'm, I'm, I mean my past my past there. I mean, I can't forgive my brother.
Jessica A: I mean I guess I I'll never forget about it but
Richelle Direny: I forgive you can forgive. It's hard. You can forgive
Richelle Direny: What's not gonna, you're not going to forget you can't forget it, because it's happened. It's something that happened, you won't forget it.
Richelle Direny: You will forgive and you're forgiving and you'll be able to forgive him. It's not telling him that it was okay, what he did, it's never that you're forgiving, so you can release the hurt you can release the pain that you walk around with every day.
Jessica A: Right. Yes. Yes.
Jessica A: That's what they let I am trying to
Jessica A: To go to get through.
Jessica A: In the relationship with my son. I mean, my son has you will be that mom I Boys, boys, going to be here for you. My, my son's will be that he forgives me
Jessica A: For everything that you know that I have put him through and
Richelle Direny: Thank you for gives you for everything that you've put him through
Jessica A: Like exposing him to the negativity of
Jessica A: Like my husband like
Jessica A: In the abuse it, you know, I never used drugs around him, that that's one thing that I never really did. I never ever ever use drugs around him. Like I made sure that he was in a safe place.
Jessica A: I made sure that he was only always taken care of and he'll tell anyone that the part that he forgives me for is is like a BNA leaving him with, you know, people and not being a mom to him when I should. He's told me that he forgives me for that.
Jessica A: For that he understands that I did it for a reason to make sure that he was okay. And he told me that he he's never stop loving me. He's always going to love me, and he only wants what's best for
Jessica A: You know, in I guess, knowing that my son is okay if you know that he forgives me has released. So a lot of like, you know, guilt in my head of
Jessica A: Me blaming myself because, you know, but he's a he's a great kid he's he's got a job full time job. He's a manager at a restaurant know he's still in school.
Jessica A: You know,
Richelle Direny: Just said listen to what I want you to hold it for a second. I want you to listen when you set him saying to you, Mom, I forgive you for everything that happened or whatever he forgave me for for you what it did for you, it released the guilt because
Richelle Direny: A lot of times
Richelle Direny: As parents as individuals. First, who has a pass.
Richelle Direny: Unresolved pass
Richelle Direny: And however it's it
Richelle Direny: Is whatever that path consists of we have a pass.
Richelle Direny: Now we bring forth a child in this
Richelle Direny: Through the hurt and through sometimes
Richelle Direny: The decisions we've made because of our paths and the journeys. We've gone on because of our past a child came forth and in our best in our infinite wisdom.
Richelle Direny: Our own infinite wisdom of what we think is best. We're doing things that we think is best for our child in the end, it ends up hurting them. And so here it is. Now they have a story to tell.
Richelle Direny: You understand, based on what I thought was best in the end I recognize that whole crap, all I was doing because I still had the baggage from my past. Somehow I allow that baggage to come on my child until now, my child.
Richelle Direny: has issues with me.
Richelle Direny: While I still have issues with my past. And so, your son is saying, Okay, I'm going to stop here and Mom, I'm going to say I forgive you I forgive you, because I know you tried your best
Richelle Direny: And even though you thought it was good for you. You didn't know that all it was doing was hurting me you maybe you didn't recognize it was hurting me because of your own path of what you went through.
Richelle Direny: And you were trying your best to do otherwise but ended up that this happened. So I forgive you for that. So that him doing it was for me to help him.
Richelle Direny: Even though it helps you to release that guilt of everything that was going on and what you carried with you because of what happened with your son. Ultimately, it helps him to you understand what forgiveness does
Jessica A: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Forgiveness is not for the person necessarily that you're forgiving. It's for you.
Jessica A: Real yeah
Richelle Direny: It's really for you.
Richelle Direny: I'm not telling you that, Jessica, I am in full acceptance and I agree with what you did. That's what our mind tells us we're doing it. That's why we hold on to this forgiveness and that's why it's We're drowning.
Richelle Direny: In this hurt and pain because if I tell you I forgive you. It means no, it doesn't.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: And I remember what you did. Yes, it does. But I'm forgiving you because I'm suffocating I'm dying on the inside. And because I'm holding on to this.
Richelle Direny: I am making a lot of decisions and the things that I'm doing simply because of me holding on to their life for it and I need to release it.
Richelle Direny: I need to release you, I need to let you go and go throughout yourself. But what I'm going to do, I'm going to work on me. So I can now start sinking and learn how to breathe.
Richelle Direny: And work through. So now,
Richelle Direny: Morning started I'm slowly getting tonight I'm getting through the day to get tonight, and that's what we're doing. That's what forgiveness. Does it helps me to get through with ease.
Richelle Direny: Because there's other that's going to come. So that's what forgiveness does
Richelle Direny: You will, you will you will remember it.
Richelle Direny: I remember things that people have done to me, but I don't allow it to eat what I do right now and how I operate. I don't allow
Richelle Direny: To ruin my whole day because I'm so focused on it. I'm so I'm holding on to it. It's like, I, I feel like if I forgive. I'm going to let go of them. No, you ain't gonna let go. Mmm, are gonna be there. You always memory.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: So I think with for you. And also, just because he's your brother. I mean you didn't choose him as your brother. He didn't choose you as a sister again. He has a story, and I'm not justifying his actions. But he also has a story.
Richelle Direny: Maybe something happened to him. I don't know. But this is what I can say
Richelle Direny: I don't have to be around you. You're my brother. Yes, we have the same DNA. Yes. But guess what, I'll have to be around you. I don't have to see you.
Right.
Jessica A: Now, I haven't heard from him ever since I stopped up for myself so
Richelle Direny: So I don't have to be around you. I don't have to see you.
Richelle Direny: Especially now that you're hearing that he continues to do what he does. Hey, I feel sorry for him that he's not getting the help that he needs.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: Here for him. But, you know, for me, being around that is not good for me.
Jessica A: You know, and I'm wondering if him being a truck driver is him running away from everything that he's done.
Richelle Direny: It could be
Jessica A: Did he ever have to be around because I have to to watch all of us suffer why he sat back and destroyed all of our lives.
Richelle Direny: It could be that, but it could also be him running away from dealing with his own issues.
Richelle Direny: Again, I'm not saying that, you know, I'm not validating anything but looking at it from a different perspective.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: Something happened to him at some point in life. Remember, we're not all born to be child molesters or murderers or liars or thieves or this or that you were not something happened along the way.
Richelle Direny: We become
Richelle Direny: Is it right
Richelle Direny: Who we become if it's bad. No, it's not. Right. But we have a story.
Richelle Direny: You have an addiction. Right.
Richelle Direny: Into our shun you because of your history of addiction or to say, Jessica has a story she self medicated with those drugs. I wonder why.
Richelle Direny: Then I gave you the opportunity to sit and listen to your story.
Richelle Direny: Then I'm like, whoa. So all this time you were bullying me all the time you look down to me all this time you treated me the way you're treating. And that was because you were operating out of your own hurt from your past.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't mean just because I forgave you. It doesn't mean I don't forget what you did.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: I don't didn't forget what you did. Maybe I have some sense of understanding
Richelle Direny: I'll still choose not to be around and to be close to you, but I have some sense of understanding
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: People are giving that opportunity. Some people aren't forgiving is Forgiving. Forgiving means that whether I know your store. I don't know your story. I'm still choosing the road for forgiveness because I needed.
Change.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: If you benefit from it. Okay, well you did, but I still needed for me.
Jessica A: Oh,
Jessica A: Yes, it's been a really emotional weight.
Jessica A: And I started writing in a journal more like
Jessica A: Of like
Jessica A: Things that come to my memory that like might have happened in my childhood.
Jessica A: Like if I have a nightmare. Like I'll wake up and in. Alright, you know, down what I remember.
Jessica A: You know, it's just, it's just little things that come to my mind that I remember from my childhood that might have affected you know
Jessica A: Me as a human being, you know, as an adult, today, you know,
Jessica A: Why I don't want to feel affection from from other people. Why I don't want to
Jessica A: Like the relationship that I have with my fiance like
Jessica A: Why do I do the things that I do to him. I take all my anger out on him. I click on my question, I shut down on him. I
You
Jessica A: Know I my, my, you know, my, my boy.
Jessica A: You know i i take all my anger, frustration and everything out on him because
Jessica A: In, in, you know, I didn't tell him. Sorry. Every day you know like snapping at him.
Jessica A: And it's not his fault. It's really not you know he doesn't do anything. He tries to help me. If anything,
Jessica A: You know, and I just
Jessica A: Treat him like he doesn't exist. And I shouldn't treat him like that.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Because all of the anger and frustration and everything.
Richelle Direny: Do you understand what the word displaced me
Jessica A: Not really.
Richelle Direny: Placed means that all of the anger and frustration and everything that you feel for, let's say your brother.
Richelle Direny: Or your dad you take it and you put it on someone else.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: So it's just released feelings displaced emotions you took everything all of the rat.
Richelle Direny: Pack that you're unleashing on him.
Richelle Direny: Excuse me. He ultimately is the punching bag really and truly all of that really belongs to your brother, your dad. Your, your everyone in your life was hurt you. That's who it really belongs to
Richelle Direny: But you take it all and because of this person is not going to respond to you how those people will
Richelle Direny: Use really release it all because there are somewhat of a safe haven and understanding that
Richelle Direny: They will take it and they're not going to treat me how other people will they're still going to love me. So it's almost like your comfort. So you displace everything on this individual.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes here in that that like, Listen, I'm like, you're, you're taking out a whole lot of unnecessary frustration, like all I said was high, we're lacking from
Richelle Direny: Because you have so much overwhelming emotion that maybe he walked into a path where he said something that wasn't legitimately upsetting. But now, guess what, because you will already bubbling over now you just vomited everything on him.
Richelle Direny: Where that didn't belong to him. It belongs to the people who are really belong to, but they're not here for you to let them have it.
Richelle Direny: Because you feel the way you feel about your dad and you kind of want that relationship. So, you know what, in your mind, even though you're upset. You're not going to give it to him, simply because if I do tell him exactly how I feel.
Richelle Direny: You will walk away from me for life. If I tell my brother exactly how I feel. This is how he's probably going to respond to me so I couldn't. So you see how that how our minds work.
Richelle Direny: I run it to them. But somehow, your mind tells you not to. Because if you just so you've already rationalized it so your mind says, hey, just give it to him.
Richelle Direny: He ain't gonna do. He's not gonna respond to them. Hell, maybe your mind is like you know what the if he walks away, man. Maybe if I vomited to him.
Richelle Direny: Maybe he'll walk away for real. And I don't have to deal with him. Or maybe he's not going to respond and he's still going to love me anyway. Your mind has already rationalize
Richelle Direny: How things the outcome of your emotions. So now you display it or you displace it to somebody else and that's what displacement is
Richelle Direny: You took all of that anger and frustration, you put it on something else. But it was really meant for the next person. And that's how we all function without realizing it. That's how we all function.
Richelle Direny: My managers pissing me off right now. Jessica, you came on this computer screen and you sent the wrong word to me. Now I flip on you, and you're like, hold up. Well, what does all that for because I was already upset with my manager and now you are just receiving my wrath.
Richelle Direny: My anger has nothing to do with you but hey you walked in my past. So then therefore guess one on that you have
Richelle Direny: Because there are repercussions to my wrath with you, but if I did it to the other person. There's going to be repercussions. So my mind has already figured that out.
Jessica A: Right.
Richelle Direny: So in this case I'm going back to I know one of our goals was for you to join a little bit, little bit more
Richelle Direny: And so with everything that went on. I would love you to journal, especially like with your nice what's going on with your nice and everything that's surrounding that.
Richelle Direny: And what does that like the emotions that you're feeling as it's related to your nice and you having that like self blame. I want you to put it in a just kind of journal it
Richelle Direny: And bring it to you, like, what does that feel for how does that feel for you. What is it doing for you right now, and maybe the next time that we meet you can read it and we can process it.
Jessica A: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let me look what what what are you going to do for the next our next session.
Jessica A: Jerome, a feeling bad about a nice and lively may so is over it next time that we meet
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet
Richelle Direny: Listen, meet on the fourth at it's a Thursday.
Jessica A: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hold on a second.
Richelle Direny: You know what, let's meet at 12 o'clock on the fifth instead of Friday.
Okay.
Jessica A: That's 12 o'clock.
Jessica A: Okay.
Jessica A: nifty new calendar, we can write in like it, the month and you can put in like appointment and you can just, you can write whatever in it so it hangs where my was pretty neat. You count.
Richelle Direny: That's cool. What, what time
Richelle Direny: What time do you go to group on Tuesdays.
Jessica A: Um, I do the 1031
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So that's what you're used to throw it on for your reminders.
Jessica A: Yeah, yeah. I'll show you. Let me show you this. It's kind of neat, but you can write
Jessica A: See this
Jessica A: Yeah, see you write it like the the month and then it comes with like stickers and stuff. You can write like it's got like appointment or group or it's got stickers with it.
Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: That's pretty neat. That's pretty neat. I mean, and then you have it on your phone because you could also use your phone send you alerts to
Jessica A: Right, well I
Jessica A: Remember what happened with that it was like sending me duplicate alerts.
Jessica A: So I just figured like this, I could just look at in the planner that I had in my
Jessica A: I keep switching back and forth the planar that I had in my my
Jessica A: Purse. I don't know. I lost it, I guess.
Jessica A: I like to switch purses too much so.
Richelle Direny: I know that's the, that's the purse. The woman thing in the purse.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, kinda. I'm kind of given up on person because I'm tired of switching them over.
Jessica A: Yeah, like I've got like for Christmas. I got two guests versus like course first and then even though I got those for Christmas, like me and my sister went to the
Jessica A: thrift store yesterday, and we both ran into each other and we have like 10 purses in our cart. We were like, at the same time I eat your help, you know, it was just, you know, something to kind of like
Jessica A: You know, fun to do, and
Jessica A: So,
Jessica A: Plus I'm gaining weight. So all my clothes are getting too tight on me. So I got a couple pairs of pants that actually fit.
Jessica A: My
Jessica A: My feet and everything, have been swallowed up in my lake. So that's another reason why they're doing the echocardiogram and the other heart testing. So I knew their
Richelle Direny: Hope, everything goes well, and it doesn't come back with any then
Jessica A: I'll know the results before I see you again so
Welcome
Richelle Direny: Have a good weekend. Be safe.
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: Works out with her niece and she comes out and first getting to help machine.
Lucille
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one.